fullname gender birthdate 
snils inn 
id_doc birthplace addresses 
vehicles mobile email 
drivers_licence_doc 
foreign_passport_doc 
ils_doc 
history_passport_doc 
paternity_cert_doc 
change_fullname_cert_doc 
divorce_cert_doc 
marriage_cert_doc
birth_cert_doc
payments_egisso
pre_retirement_age
electronic_workbook 
ndfl_person
pension_reference
vehicle_reg_cert_doc
fullname gender birthdate 
snils inn 
id_doc birthplace addresses 
vehicles mobile email 
drivers_licence_doc 
foreign_passport_doc 
ils_doc 
history_passport_doc 
paternity_cert_doc 
change_fullname_cert_doc 
divorce_cert_doc 
marriage_cert_doc
birth_cert_doc
payments_egisso
pre_retirement_age
electronic_workbook 
ndfl_person
pension_reference
vehicle_reg_cert_doc
fullname gender birthdate 
snils inn 
id_doc birthplace addresses 
mobile email ils_doc 
history_passport_doc 
paternity_cert_doc 
change_fullname_cert_doc 
divorce_cert_doc 
marriage_cert_doc
birth_cert_doc
fullname gender birthdate 
inn id_doc birthplace 
mobile email
history_passport_doc
fullname gender birthdate 
snils inn 
id_doc birthplace addresses 
mobile email 
ils_doc 
history_passport_doc 
paternity_cert_doc 
change_fullname_cert_doc 
divorce_cert_doc 
marriage_cert_doc
birth_cert_doc
pre_retirement_age
fullname birthdate snils 
inn id_doc birthplace 
addresses
pre_retirement_age
fullname gender birthdate 
snils inn 
id_doc birthplace addresses 
vehicles mobile email 
drivers_licence_doc 
ils_doc 
history_passport_doc 
paternity_cert_doc 
change_fullname_cert_doc 
divorce_cert_doc 
marriage_cert_doc
birth_cert_doc
vehicle_reg_cert_doc
fullname mobile email
fullname gender birthdate 
snils inn 
id_doc birthplace addresses 
vehicles mobile email 
drivers_licence_doc 
foreign_passport_doc 
ils_doc 
history_passport_doc 
paternity_cert_doc 
change_fullname_cert_doc 
divorce_cert_doc 
marriage_cert_doc
birth_cert_doc
payments_egisso
pre_retirement_age
electronic_workbook 
ndfl_person
pension_reference
vehicle_reg_cert_doc
fullname
gender
birthdate
snils
inn
id_doc
birthplace
addresses
mobile
email
ils_doc
history_passport_doc
electronic_workbook 
ndfl_person
pension_reference
payments_egisso
fullname
gender
birthdate
snils
inn
id_doc
birthplace
addresses
vehicles
mobile
email
drivers_licence_doc
foreign_passport_doc
ils_doc 
history_passport_doc
paternity_cert_doc
change_fullname_cert_doc
divorce_cert_doc
marriage_cert_doc
birth_cert_doc
electronic_workbook
ndfl_person
pension_reference
payments_egisso
pre_retirement_age
vehicle_reg_cert_doc
change_fullname_cert_doc
divorce_cert_doc
marriage_cert_doc
birth_cert_doc
electronic_workbook
ndfl_person
pension_reference
payments_egisso
pre_retirement_age
vehicle_reg_cert_doc
payments_egisso
vehicle_reg_cert_doc
fullname
gender
birthdate
snils
inn
id_doc
birthplace
addresses
vehicles
mobile
email
drivers_licence_doc
foreign_passport_doc
ils_doc 
history_passport_doc
paternity_cert_doc
change_fullname_cert_doc
divorce_cert_doc
marriage_cert_doc
birth_cert_doc
electronic_workbook 
ndfl_person
pension_reference
payments_egisso
pre_retirement_age
vehicle_reg_cert_doc
fullname
gender
birthdate
snils
inn
id_doc
birthplace
addresses
mobile
email
electronic_workbook
pension_reference
payments_egisso
fullname
gender
birthdate
snils
inn
id_doc
birthplace
addresses
vehicles
mobile
email
drivers_licence_doc
foreign_passport_doc
ils_doc 
history_passport_doc
paternity_cert_doc
change_fullname_cert_doc
divorce_cert_doc
marriage_cert_doc
birth_cert_doc
electronic_workbook
ndfl_person
pension_reference
payments_egisso
family_assets_balance
vehicle_reg_cert_doc
pension_reference
payments_egisso
family_assets_balance
vehicle_reg_cert_doc